itemGroup.Metallurgy.Machines=Metallarrgy Magic Devices
itemGroup.Metallurgy.Blocks=Metallarrrgy Cubes
itemGroup.Metallurgy.Items=Metallarrrgy Irtems
itemGroup.Metallurgy.Tools=Metallarrrgy Tools
itemGroup.Metallurgy.Armor=Metallarrrgy Arrmor

tile.machine.frame.name=Magic Device Frame

tile.crusher.name=Crusherr
container.crusher=Crusherr

tile.alloyer.name=Mixied Metals
container.alloyer=Mixied Metals

tile.forge.name=Forge
container.forge=Forge

tile.abstractor.name=Abstractarr
container.abstractor=Abstractarr

item.metallurgy.drawer.name=Drawarr
container.drawer=Drawarr

tooltip.metallurgy.drawer.stacks=Stacks: %d / %d
tooltip.metallurgy.hold.shift=Hold [Shift] to display contents
tooltip.metallurgy.tankinfo=Name: %s || Amount: %d mB

enchantment.metallurgy.heal=Healin'
enchantment.metallurgy.unknown=Some kind o' curse

tile.metallurgy.copper.ore.name=Copper Arr
tile.metallurgy.copper.block.name=Copper Blok
tile.metallurgy.copper.brick.name=Copper Brick
item.metallurgy.copper.dust.name=Copper Dust
item.metallurgy.copper.ingot.name=Copper Ingot
item.metallurgy.copper.nugget.name=Copper Nugget
item.metallurgy.copper.axe.name=Copper Arxe
item.metallurgy.copper.hoe.name=Copper Hoe
item.metallurgy.copper.pickaxe.name=Copper Pickaxe
item.metallurgy.copper.shovel.name=Copper Shovel
item.metallurgy.copper.sword.name=Copper Cutlass
item.metallurgy.copper.helmet.name=Copper Helmet
item.metallurgy.copper.chestplate.name=Copper Chestplate
item.metallurgy.copper.leggings.name=Copper Leggings
item.metallurgy.copper.boots.name=Copper Booties

tile.metallurgy.tin.ore.name=Tin Arr
tile.metallurgy.tin.block.name=Tin Blok
tile.metallurgy.tin.brick.name=Tin Brick
item.metallurgy.tin.dust.name=Tin Dust
item.metallurgy.tin.ingot.name=Tin Ingot
item.metallurgy.tin.nugget.name=Tin Nugget

tile.metallurgy.manganese.ore.name=Manganese Arr
tile.metallurgy.manganese.block.name=Manganese Blok
tile.metallurgy.manganese.brick.name=Manganese Brick
item.metallurgy.manganese.dust.name=Manganese Dust
item.metallurgy.manganese.ingot.name=Manganese Ingot
item.metallurgy.manganese.nugget.name=Manganese Nugget

tile.metallurgy.bronze.block.name=Bronze Blok
tile.metallurgy.bronze.brick.name=Bronze Brick
item.metallurgy.bronze.dust.name=Bronze Dust
item.metallurgy.bronze.ingot.name=Bronze Ingot
item.metallurgy.bronze.nugget.name=Bronze Nugget
item.metallurgy.bronze.axe.name=Bronze Arxe
item.metallurgy.bronze.hoe.name=Bronze Hoe
item.metallurgy.bronze.pickaxe.name=Bronze Pickaxe
item.metallurgy.bronze.shovel.name=Bronze Shovel
item.metallurgy.bronze.sword.name=Bronze Cutlass
item.metallurgy.bronze.helmet.name=Bronze Helmet
item.metallurgy.bronze.chestplate.name=Bronze Chestplate
item.metallurgy.bronze.leggings.name=Bronze Leggings
item.metallurgy.bronze.boots.name=Bronze Booties

tile.metallurgy.hepatizon.block.name=Hepatizon Blok
tile.metallurgy.hepatizon.brick.name=Hepatizon Brick
item.metallurgy.hepatizon.dust.name=Hepatizon Dust
item.metallurgy.hepatizon.ingot.name=Hepatizon Ingot
item.metallurgy.hepatizon.nugget.name=Hepatizon Nugget
item.metallurgy.hepatizon.axe.name=Hepatizon Arxe
item.metallurgy.hepatizon.hoe.name=Hepatizon Hoe
item.metallurgy.hepatizon.pickaxe.name=Hepatizon Pickaxe
item.metallurgy.hepatizon.shovel.name=Hepatizon Shovel
item.metallurgy.hepatizon.sword.name=Hepatizon Cutlass
item.metallurgy.hepatizon.helmet.name=Hepatizon Helmet
item.metallurgy.hepatizon.chestplate.name=Hepatizon Chestplate
item.metallurgy.hepatizon.leggings.name=Hepatizon Leggings
item.metallurgy.hepatizon.boots.name=Hepatizon Booties

tile.metallurgy.damascus.steel.block.name=Damascus Steel Blok
tile.metallurgy.damascus.steel.brick.name=Damascus Steel Brick
item.metallurgy.damascus.steel.dust.name=Damascus Steel Dust
item.metallurgy.damascus.steel.ingot.name=Damascus Steel Ingot
item.metallurgy.damascus.steel.nugget.name=Damascus Steel Nugget
item.metallurgy.damascus.steel.axe.name=Damascus Steel Arxe
item.metallurgy.damascus.steel.hoe.name=Damascus Steel Hoe
item.metallurgy.damascus.steel.pickaxe.name=Damascus Steel Pickaxe
item.metallurgy.damascus.steel.shovel.name=Damascus Steel Shovel
item.metallurgy.damascus.steel.sword.name=Damascus Steel Cutlass
item.metallurgy.damascus.steel.helmet.name=Damascus Steel Helmet
item.metallurgy.damascus.steel.chestplate.name=Damascus Steel Chestplate
item.metallurgy.damascus.steel.leggings.name=Damascus Steel Leggings
item.metallurgy.damascus.steel.boots.name=Damascus Steel Booties

tile.metallurgy.angmallen.block.name=Angmallen Blok
tile.metallurgy.angmallen.brick.name=Angmallen Brick
item.metallurgy.angmallen.dust.name=Angmallen Dust
item.metallurgy.angmallen.ingot.name=Angmallen Ingot
item.metallurgy.angmallen.nugget.name=Angmallen Nugget
item.metallurgy.angmallen.axe.name=Angmallen Arxe
item.metallurgy.angmallen.hoe.name=Angmallen Hoe
item.metallurgy.angmallen.pickaxe.name=Angmallen Pickaxe
item.metallurgy.angmallen.shovel.name=Angmallen Shovel
item.metallurgy.angmallen.sword.name=Angmallen Cutlass
item.metallurgy.angmallen.helmet.name=Angmallen Helmet
item.metallurgy.angmallen.chestplate.name=Angmallen Chestplate
item.metallurgy.angmallen.leggings.name=Angmallen Leggings
item.metallurgy.angmallen.boots.name=Angmallen Booties

tile.metallurgy.steel.ore.name=Steel Arr
tile.metallurgy.steel.block.name=Steel Blok
tile.metallurgy.steel.brick.name=Steel Brick
item.metallurgy.steel.dust.name=Steel Dust
item.metallurgy.steel.ingot.name=Steel Ingot
item.metallurgy.steel.nugget.name=Steel Nugget
item.metallurgy.steel.axe.name=Steel Arxe
item.metallurgy.steel.hoe.name=Steel Hoe
item.metallurgy.steel.pickaxe.name=Steel Pickaxe
item.metallurgy.steel.shovel.name=Steel Shovel
item.metallurgy.steel.sword.name=Steel Cutlass
item.metallurgy.steel.helmet.name=Steel Helmet
item.metallurgy.steel.chestplate.name=Steel Chestplate
item.metallurgy.steel.leggings.name=Steel Leggings
item.metallurgy.steel.boots.name=Steel Booties

tile.metallurgy.eximite.ore.name=Eximite Arr
tile.metallurgy.eximite.block.name=Eximite Blok
tile.metallurgy.eximite.brick.name=Eximite Brick
item.metallurgy.eximite.dust.name=Eximite Dust
item.metallurgy.eximite.ingot.name=Eximite Ingot
item.metallurgy.eximite.nugget.name=Eximite Nugget
item.metallurgy.eximite.axe.name=Eximite Arxe
item.metallurgy.eximite.hoe.name=Eximite Hoe
item.metallurgy.eximite.pickaxe.name=Eximite Pickaxe
item.metallurgy.eximite.shovel.name=Eximite Shovel
item.metallurgy.eximite.sword.name=Eximite Cutlass
item.metallurgy.eximite.helmet.name=Eximite Helmet
item.metallurgy.eximite.chestplate.name=Eximite Chestplate
item.metallurgy.eximite.leggings.name=Eximite Leggings
item.metallurgy.eximite.boots.name=Eximite Booties

tile.metallurgy.meutoite.ore.name=Meutoite Arr
tile.metallurgy.meutoite.block.name=Meutoite Blok
tile.metallurgy.meutoite.brick.name=Meutoite Brick
item.metallurgy.meutoite.dust.name=Meutoite Dust
item.metallurgy.meutoite.ingot.name=Meutoite Ingot
item.metallurgy.meutoite.nugget.name=Meutoite Nugget

tile.metallurgy.desichalkos.block.name=Desichalkos Blok
tile.metallurgy.desichalkos.brick.name=Desichalkos Brick
item.metallurgy.desichalkos.dust.name=Desichalkos Dust
item.metallurgy.desichalkos.ingot.name=Desichalkos Ingot
item.metallurgy.desichalkos.nugget.name=Desichalkos Nugget
item.metallurgy.desichalkos.axe.name=Desichalkos Arxe
item.metallurgy.desichalkos.hoe.name=Desichalkos Hoe
item.metallurgy.desichalkos.pickaxe.name=Desichalkos Pickaxe
item.metallurgy.desichalkos.shovel.name=Desichalkos Shovel
item.metallurgy.desichalkos.sword.name=Desichalkos Cutlass
item.metallurgy.desichalkos.helmet.name=Desichalkos Helmet
item.metallurgy.desichalkos.chestplate.name=Desichalkos Chestplate
item.metallurgy.desichalkos.leggings.name=Desichalkos Leggings
item.metallurgy.desichalkos.boots.name=Desichalkos Booties

tile.metallurgy.prometheum.ore.name=Prometheum Arr
tile.metallurgy.prometheum.block.name=Prometheum Blok
tile.metallurgy.prometheum.brick.name=Prometheum Brick
item.metallurgy.prometheum.dust.name=Prometheum Dust
item.metallurgy.prometheum.ingot.name=Prometheum Ingot
item.metallurgy.prometheum.nugget.name=Prometheum Nugget
item.metallurgy.prometheum.axe.name=Prometheum Arxe
item.metallurgy.prometheum.hoe.name=Prometheum Hoe
item.metallurgy.prometheum.pickaxe.name=Prometheum Pickaxe
item.metallurgy.prometheum.shovel.name=Prometheum Shovel
item.metallurgy.prometheum.sword.name=Prometheum Cutlass
item.metallurgy.prometheum.helmet.name=Prometheum Helmet
item.metallurgy.prometheum.chestplate.name=Prometheum Chestplate
item.metallurgy.prometheum.leggings.name=Prometheum Leggings
item.metallurgy.prometheum.boots.name=Prometheum Booties

tile.metallurgy.deep.iron.ore.name=Deep Iron Arr
tile.metallurgy.deep.iron.block.name=Deep Iron Blok
tile.metallurgy.deep.iron.brick.name=Deep Iron Brick
item.metallurgy.deep.iron.dust.name=Deep Iron Dust
item.metallurgy.deep.iron.ingot.name=Deep Iron Ingot
item.metallurgy.deep.iron.nugget.name=Deep Iron Nugget
item.metallurgy.deep.iron.axe.name=Deep Iron Arxe
item.metallurgy.deep.iron.hoe.name=Deep Iron Hoe
item.metallurgy.deep.iron.pickaxe.name=Deep Iron Pickaxe
item.metallurgy.deep.iron.shovel.name=Deep Iron Shovel
item.metallurgy.deep.iron.sword.name=Deep Iron Cutlass
item.metallurgy.deep.iron.helmet.name=Deep Iron Helmet
item.metallurgy.deep.iron.chestplate.name=Deep Iron Chestplate
item.metallurgy.deep.iron.leggings.name=Deep Iron Leggings
item.metallurgy.deep.iron.boots.name=Deep Iron Booties

tile.metallurgy.infuscolium.ore.name=Infuscolium Arr
tile.metallurgy.infuscolium.block.name=Infuscolium Blok
tile.metallurgy.infuscolium.brick.name=Infuscolium Brick
item.metallurgy.infuscolium.dust.name=Infuscolium Dust
item.metallurgy.infuscolium.ingot.name=Infuscolium Ingot
item.metallurgy.infuscolium.nugget.name=Infuscolium Nugget

tile.metallurgy.black.steel.ore.name=Black Steel Arr
tile.metallurgy.black.steel.block.name=Black Steel Blok
tile.metallurgy.black.steel.brick.name=Black Steel Brick
item.metallurgy.black.steel.dust.name=Black Steel Dust
item.metallurgy.black.steel.ingot.name=Black Steel Ingot
item.metallurgy.black.steel.nugget.name=Black Steel Nugget
item.metallurgy.black.steel.axe.name=Black Steel Arxe
item.metallurgy.black.steel.hoe.name=Black Steel Hoe
item.metallurgy.black.steel.pickaxe.name=Black Steel Pickaxe
item.metallurgy.black.steel.shovel.name=Black Steel Shovel
item.metallurgy.black.steel.sword.name=Black Steel Cutlass
item.metallurgy.black.steel.helmet.name=Black Steel Helmet
item.metallurgy.black.steel.chestplate.name=Black Steel Chestplate
item.metallurgy.black.steel.leggings.name=Black Steel Leggings
item.metallurgy.black.steel.boots.name=Black Steel Booties

tile.metallurgy.oureclase.ore.name=Oureclase Arr
tile.metallurgy.oureclase.block.name=Oureclase Blok
tile.metallurgy.oureclase.brick.name=Oureclase Brick
item.metallurgy.oureclase.dust.name=Oureclase Dust
item.metallurgy.oureclase.ingot.name=Oureclase Ingot
item.metallurgy.oureclase.nugget.name=Oureclase Nugget
item.metallurgy.oureclase.axe.name=Oureclase Arxe
item.metallurgy.oureclase.hoe.name=Oureclase Hoe
item.metallurgy.oureclase.pickaxe.name=Oureclase Pickaxe
item.metallurgy.oureclase.shovel.name=Oureclase Shovel
item.metallurgy.oureclase.sword.name=Oureclase Cutlass
item.metallurgy.oureclase.helmet.name=Oureclase Helmet
item.metallurgy.oureclase.chestplate.name=Oureclase Chestplate
item.metallurgy.oureclase.leggings.name=Oureclase Leggings
item.metallurgy.oureclase.boots.name=Oureclase Booties

tile.metallurgy.astral.silver.ore.name=Astral Silver Arr
tile.metallurgy.astral.silver.block.name=Astral Silver Blok
tile.metallurgy.astral.silver.brick.name=Astral Silver Brick
item.metallurgy.astral.silver.dust.name=Astral Silver Dust
item.metallurgy.astral.silver.ingot.name=Astral Silver Ingot
item.metallurgy.astral.silver.nugget.name=Astral Silver Nugget
item.metallurgy.astral.silver.axe.name=Astral Silver Arxe
item.metallurgy.astral.silver.hoe.name=Astral Silver Hoe
item.metallurgy.astral.silver.pickaxe.name=Astral Silver Pickaxe
item.metallurgy.astral.silver.shovel.name=Astral Silver Shovel
item.metallurgy.astral.silver.sword.name=Astral Silver Cutlass
item.metallurgy.astral.silver.helmet.name=Astral Silver Helmet
item.metallurgy.astral.silver.chestplate.name=Astral Silver Chestplate
item.metallurgy.astral.silver.leggings.name=Astral Silver Leggings
item.metallurgy.astral.silver.boots.name=Astral Silver Booties

tile.metallurgy.carmot.ore.name=Carmot Arr
tile.metallurgy.carmot.block.name=Carmot Blok
tile.metallurgy.carmot.brick.name=Carmot Brick
item.metallurgy.carmot.dust.name=Carmot Dust
item.metallurgy.carmot.ingot.name=Carmot Ingot
item.metallurgy.carmot.nugget.name=Carmot Nugget
item.metallurgy.carmot.axe.name=Carmot Arxe
item.metallurgy.carmot.hoe.name=Carmot Hoe
item.metallurgy.carmot.pickaxe.name=Carmot Pickaxe
item.metallurgy.carmot.shovel.name=Carmot Shovel
item.metallurgy.carmot.sword.name=Carmot Cutlass
item.metallurgy.carmot.helmet.name=Carmot Helmet
item.metallurgy.carmot.chestplate.name=Carmot Chestplate
item.metallurgy.carmot.leggings.name=Carmot Leggings
item.metallurgy.carmot.boots.name=Carmot Booties

tile.metallurgy.mithril.ore.name=Mithril Arr
tile.metallurgy.mithril.block.name=Mithril Blok
tile.metallurgy.mithril.brick.name=Mithril Brick
item.metallurgy.mithril.dust.name=Mithril Dust
item.metallurgy.mithril.ingot.name=Mithril Ingot
item.metallurgy.mithril.nugget.name=Mithril Nugget
item.metallurgy.mithril.axe.name=Mithril Arxe
item.metallurgy.mithril.hoe.name=Mithril Hoe
item.metallurgy.mithril.pickaxe.name=Mithril Pickaxe
item.metallurgy.mithril.shovel.name=Mithril Shovel
item.metallurgy.mithril.sword.name=Mithril Cutlass
item.metallurgy.mithril.helmet.name=Mithril Helmet
item.metallurgy.mithril.chestplate.name=Mithril Chestplate
item.metallurgy.mithril.leggings.name=Mithril Leggings
item.metallurgy.mithril.boots.name=Mithril Booties

tile.metallurgy.rubracium.ore.name=Rubracium Arr
tile.metallurgy.rubracium.block.name=Rubracium Blok
tile.metallurgy.rubracium.brick.name=Rubracium Brick
item.metallurgy.rubracium.dust.name=Rubracium Dust
item.metallurgy.rubracium.ingot.name=Rubracium Ingot
item.metallurgy.rubracium.nugget.name=Rubracium Nugget

tile.metallurgy.quicksilver.block.name=Quicksilver Blok
tile.metallurgy.quicksilver.brick.name=Quicksilver Brick
item.metallurgy.quicksilver.dust.name=Quicksilver Dust
item.metallurgy.quicksilver.ingot.name=Quicksilver Ingot
item.metallurgy.quicksilver.nugget.name=Quicksilver Nugget
item.metallurgy.quicksilver.axe.name=Quicksilver Arxe
item.metallurgy.quicksilver.hoe.name=Quicksilver Hoe
item.metallurgy.quicksilver.pickaxe.name=Quicksilver Pickaxe
item.metallurgy.quicksilver.shovel.name=Quicksilver Shovel
item.metallurgy.quicksilver.sword.name=Quicksilver Cutlass
item.metallurgy.quicksilver.helmet.name=Quicksilver Helmet
item.metallurgy.quicksilver.chestplate.name=Quicksilver Chestplate
item.metallurgy.quicksilver.leggings.name=Quicksilver Leggings
item.metallurgy.quicksilver.boots.name=Quicksilver Booties

tile.metallurgy.haderoth.block.name=Haderoth Blok
tile.metallurgy.haderoth.brick.name=Haderoth Brick
item.metallurgy.haderoth.dust.name=Haderoth Dust
item.metallurgy.haderoth.ingot.name=Haderoth Ingot
item.metallurgy.haderoth.nugget.name=Haderoth Nugget
item.metallurgy.haderoth.axe.name=Haderoth Arxe
item.metallurgy.haderoth.hoe.name=Haderoth Hoe
item.metallurgy.haderoth.pickaxe.name=Haderoth Pickaxe
item.metallurgy.haderoth.shovel.name=Haderoth Shovel
item.metallurgy.haderoth.sword.name=Haderoth Cutlass
item.metallurgy.haderoth.helmet.name=Haderoth Helmet
item.metallurgy.haderoth.chestplate.name=Haderoth Chestplate
item.metallurgy.haderoth.leggings.name=Haderoth Leggings
item.metallurgy.haderoth.boots.name=Haderoth Booties

tile.metallurgy.orichalcum.ore.name=Orichalcum Arr
tile.metallurgy.orichalcum.block.name=Orichalcum Blok
tile.metallurgy.orichalcum.brick.name=Orichalcum Brick
item.metallurgy.orichalcum.dust.name=Orichalcum Dust
item.metallurgy.orichalcum.ingot.name=Orichalcum Ingot
item.metallurgy.orichalcum.nugget.name=Orichalcum Nugget
item.metallurgy.orichalcum.axe.name=Orichalcum Arxe
item.metallurgy.orichalcum.hoe.name=Orichalcum Hoe
item.metallurgy.orichalcum.pickaxe.name=Orichalcum Pickaxe
item.metallurgy.orichalcum.shovel.name=Orichalcum Shovel
item.metallurgy.orichalcum.sword.name=Orichalcum Cutlass
item.metallurgy.orichalcum.helmet.name=Orichalcum Helmet
item.metallurgy.orichalcum.chestplate.name=Orichalcum Chestplate
item.metallurgy.orichalcum.leggings.name=Orichalcum Leggings
item.metallurgy.orichalcum.boots.name=Orichalcum Booties

tile.metallurgy.celenegil.block.name=Celenegil Blok
tile.metallurgy.celenegil.brick.name=Celenegil Brick
item.metallurgy.celenegil.dust.name=Celenegil Dust
item.metallurgy.celenegil.ingot.name=Celenegil Ingot
item.metallurgy.celenegil.nugget.name=Celenegil Nugget
item.metallurgy.celenegil.axe.name=Celenegil Arxe
item.metallurgy.celenegil.hoe.name=Celenegil Hoe
item.metallurgy.celenegil.pickaxe.name=Celenegil Pickaxe
item.metallurgy.celenegil.shovel.name=Celenegil Shovel
item.metallurgy.celenegil.sword.name=Celenegil Cutlass
item.metallurgy.celenegil.helmet.name=Celenegil Helmet
item.metallurgy.celenegil.chestplate.name=Celenegil Chestplate
item.metallurgy.celenegil.leggings.name=Celenegil Leggings
item.metallurgy.celenegil.boots.name=Celenegil Booties

tile.metallurgy.adamantine.ore.name=Adamantine Arr
tile.metallurgy.adamantine.block.name=Adamantine Blok
tile.metallurgy.adamantine.brick.name=Adamantine Brick
item.metallurgy.adamantine.dust.name=Adamantine Dust
item.metallurgy.adamantine.ingot.name=Adamantine Ingot
item.metallurgy.adamantine.nugget.name=Adamantine Nugget
item.metallurgy.adamantine.axe.name=Adamantine Arxe
item.metallurgy.adamantine.hoe.name=Adamantine Hoe
item.metallurgy.adamantine.pickaxe.name=Adamantine Pickaxe
item.metallurgy.adamantine.shovel.name=Adamantine Shovel
item.metallurgy.adamantine.sword.name=Adamantine Cutlass
item.metallurgy.adamantine.helmet.name=Adamantine Helmet
item.metallurgy.adamantine.chestplate.name=Adamantine Chestplate
item.metallurgy.adamantine.leggings.name=Adamantine Leggings
item.metallurgy.adamantine.boots.name=Adamantine Booties

tile.metallurgy.atlarus.ore.name=Atlarus Arr
tile.metallurgy.atlarus.block.name=Atlarus Blok
tile.metallurgy.atlarus.brick.name=Atlarus Brick
item.metallurgy.atlarus.dust.name=Atlarus Dust
item.metallurgy.atlarus.ingot.name=Atlarus Ingot
item.metallurgy.atlarus.nugget.name=Atlarus Nugget
item.metallurgy.atlarus.axe.name=Atlarus Arxe
item.metallurgy.atlarus.hoe.name=Atlarus Hoe
item.metallurgy.atlarus.pickaxe.name=Atlarus Pickaxe
item.metallurgy.atlarus.shovel.name=Atlarus Shovel
item.metallurgy.atlarus.sword.name=Atlarus Cutlass
item.metallurgy.atlarus.helmet.name=Atlarus Helmet
item.metallurgy.atlarus.chestplate.name=Atlarus Chestplate
item.metallurgy.atlarus.leggings.name=Atlarus Leggings
item.metallurgy.atlarus.boots.name=Atlarus Booties

tile.metallurgy.tartarite.block.name=Tartarite Blok
tile.metallurgy.tartarite.brick.name=Tartarite Brick
item.metallurgy.tartarite.dust.name=Tartarite Dust
item.metallurgy.tartarite.ingot.name=Tartarite Ingot
item.metallurgy.tartarite.nugget.name=Tartarite Nugget
item.metallurgy.tartarite.axe.name=Tartarite Arxe
item.metallurgy.tartarite.hoe.name=Tartarite Hoe
item.metallurgy.tartarite.pickaxe.name=Tartarite Pickaxe
item.metallurgy.tartarite.shovel.name=Tartarite Shovel
item.metallurgy.tartarite.sword.name=Tartarite Cutlass
item.metallurgy.tartarite.helmet.name=Tartarite Helmet
item.metallurgy.tartarite.chestplate.name=Tartarite Chestplate
item.metallurgy.tartarite.leggings.name=Tartarite Leggings
item.metallurgy.tartarite.boots.name=Tartarite Booties

tile.metallurgy.ignatius.ore.name=Ignatius Arr
tile.metallurgy.ignatius.block.name=Ignatius Blok
tile.metallurgy.ignatius.brick.name=Ignatius Brick
item.metallurgy.ignatius.dust.name=Ignatius Dust
item.metallurgy.ignatius.ingot.name=Ignatius Ingot
item.metallurgy.ignatius.nugget.name=Ignatius Nugget
item.metallurgy.ignatius.axe.name=Ignatius Arxe
item.metallurgy.ignatius.hoe.name=Ignatius Hoe
item.metallurgy.ignatius.pickaxe.name=Ignatius Pickaxe
item.metallurgy.ignatius.shovel.name=Ignatius Shovel
item.metallurgy.ignatius.sword.name=Ignatius Cutlass
item.metallurgy.ignatius.helmet.name=Ignatius Helmet
item.metallurgy.ignatius.chestplate.name=Ignatius Chestplate
item.metallurgy.ignatius.leggings.name=Ignatius Leggings
item.metallurgy.ignatius.boots.name=Ignatius Booties

tile.metallurgy.shadow.iron.ore.name=Shadow Iron Arr
tile.metallurgy.shadow.iron.block.name=Shadow Iron Blok
tile.metallurgy.shadow.iron.brick.name=Shadow Iron Brick
item.metallurgy.shadow.iron.dust.name=Shadow Iron Dust
item.metallurgy.shadow.iron.ingot.name=Shadow Iron Ingot
item.metallurgy.shadow.iron.nugget.name=Shadow Iron Nugget
item.metallurgy.shadow.iron.axe.name=Shadow Iron Arxe
item.metallurgy.shadow.iron.hoe.name=Shadow Iron Hoe
item.metallurgy.shadow.iron.pickaxe.name=Shadow Iron Pickaxe
item.metallurgy.shadow.iron.shovel.name=Shadow Iron Shovel
item.metallurgy.shadow.iron.sword.name=Shadow Iron Cutlass
item.metallurgy.shadow.iron.helmet.name=Shadow Iron Helmet
item.metallurgy.shadow.iron.chestplate.name=Shadow Iron Chestplate
item.metallurgy.shadow.iron.leggings.name=Shadow Iron Leggings
item.metallurgy.shadow.iron.boots.name=Shadow Iron Booties

tile.metallurgy.lemurite.ore.name=Lemurite Arr
tile.metallurgy.lemurite.block.name=Lemurite Blok
tile.metallurgy.lemurite.brick.name=Lemurite Brick
item.metallurgy.lemurite.dust.name=Lemurite Dust
item.metallurgy.lemurite.ingot.name=Lemurite Ingot
item.metallurgy.lemurite.nugget.name=Lemurite Nugget

tile.metallurgy.midasium.ore.name=Midasium Arr
tile.metallurgy.midasium.block.name=Midasium Blok
tile.metallurgy.midasium.brick.name=Midasium Brick
item.metallurgy.midasium.dust.name=Midasium Dust
item.metallurgy.midasium.ingot.name=Midasium Ingot
item.metallurgy.midasium.nugget.name=Midasium Nugget
item.metallurgy.midasium.axe.name=Midasium Arxe
item.metallurgy.midasium.hoe.name=Midasium Hoe
item.metallurgy.midasium.pickaxe.name=Midasium Pickaxe
item.metallurgy.midasium.shovel.name=Midasium Shovel
item.metallurgy.midasium.sword.name=Midasium Cutlass
item.metallurgy.midasium.helmet.name=Midasium Helmet
item.metallurgy.midasium.chestplate.name=Midasium Chestplate
item.metallurgy.midasium.leggings.name=Midasium Leggings
item.metallurgy.midasium.boots.name=Midasium Booties

tile.metallurgy.vyroxeres.ore.name=Vyroxeres Arr
tile.metallurgy.vyroxeres.block.name=Vyroxeres Blok
tile.metallurgy.vyroxeres.brick.name=Vyroxeres Brick
item.metallurgy.vyroxeres.dust.name=Vyroxeres Dust
item.metallurgy.vyroxeres.ingot.name=Vyroxeres Ingot
item.metallurgy.vyroxeres.nugget.name=Vyroxeres Nugget
item.metallurgy.vyroxeres.axe.name=Vyroxeres Arxe
item.metallurgy.vyroxeres.hoe.name=Vyroxeres Hoe
item.metallurgy.vyroxeres.pickaxe.name=Vyroxeres Pickaxe
item.metallurgy.vyroxeres.shovel.name=Vyroxeres Shovel
item.metallurgy.vyroxeres.sword.name=Vyroxeres Cutlass
item.metallurgy.vyroxeres.helmet.name=Vyroxeres Helmet
item.metallurgy.vyroxeres.chestplate.name=Vyroxeres Chestplate
item.metallurgy.vyroxeres.leggings.name=Vyroxeres Leggings
item.metallurgy.vyroxeres.boots.name=Vyroxeres Booties

tile.metallurgy.ceruclase.ore.name=Ceruclase Arr
tile.metallurgy.ceruclase.block.name=Ceruclase Blok
tile.metallurgy.ceruclase.brick.name=Ceruclase Brick
item.metallurgy.ceruclase.dust.name=Ceruclase Dust
item.metallurgy.ceruclase.ingot.name=Ceruclase Ingot
item.metallurgy.ceruclase.nugget.name=Ceruclase Nugget
item.metallurgy.ceruclase.axe.name=Ceruclase Arxe
item.metallurgy.ceruclase.hoe.name=Ceruclase Hoe
item.metallurgy.ceruclase.pickaxe.name=Ceruclase Pickaxe
item.metallurgy.ceruclase.shovel.name=Ceruclase Shovel
item.metallurgy.ceruclase.sword.name=Ceruclase Cutlass
item.metallurgy.ceruclase.helmet.name=Ceruclase Helmet
item.metallurgy.ceruclase.chestplate.name=Ceruclase Chestplate
item.metallurgy.ceruclase.leggings.name=Ceruclase Leggings
item.metallurgy.ceruclase.boots.name=Ceruclase Booties

tile.metallurgy.alduorite.ore.name=Alduorite Arr
tile.metallurgy.alduorite.block.name=Alduorite Blok
tile.metallurgy.alduorite.brick.name=Alduorite Brick
item.metallurgy.alduorite.dust.name=Alduorite Dust
item.metallurgy.alduorite.ingot.name=Alduorite Ingot
item.metallurgy.alduorite.nugget.name=Alduorite Nugget

tile.metallurgy.kalendrite.ore.name=Kalendrite Arr
tile.metallurgy.kalendrite.block.name=Kalendrite Blok
tile.metallurgy.kalendrite.brick.name=Kalendrite Brick
item.metallurgy.kalendrite.dust.name=Kalendrite Dust
item.metallurgy.kalendrite.ingot.name=Kalendrite Ingot
item.metallurgy.kalendrite.nugget.name=Kalendrite Nugget
item.metallurgy.kalendrite.axe.name=Kalendrite Arxe
item.metallurgy.kalendrite.hoe.name=Kalendrite Hoe
item.metallurgy.kalendrite.pickaxe.name=Kalendrite Pickaxe
item.metallurgy.kalendrite.shovel.name=Kalendrite Shovel
item.metallurgy.kalendrite.sword.name=Kalendrite Cutlass
item.metallurgy.kalendrite.helmet.name=Kalendrite Helmet
item.metallurgy.kalendrite.chestplate.name=Kalendrite Chestplate
item.metallurgy.kalendrite.leggings.name=Kalendrite Leggings
item.metallurgy.kalendrite.boots.name=Kalendrite Booties

tile.metallurgy.vulcanite.ore.name=Vulcanite Arr
tile.metallurgy.vulcanite.block.name=Vulcanite Blok
tile.metallurgy.vulcanite.brick.name=Vulcanite Brick
item.metallurgy.vulcanite.dust.name=Vulcanite Dust
item.metallurgy.vulcanite.ingot.name=Vulcanite Ingot
item.metallurgy.vulcanite.nugget.name=Vulcanite Nugget
item.metallurgy.vulcanite.axe.name=Vulcanite Arxe
item.metallurgy.vulcanite.hoe.name=Vulcanite Hoe
item.metallurgy.vulcanite.pickaxe.name=Vulcanite Pickaxe
item.metallurgy.vulcanite.shovel.name=Vulcanite Shovel
item.metallurgy.vulcanite.sword.name=Vulcanite Cutlass
item.metallurgy.vulcanite.helmet.name=Vulcanite Helmet
item.metallurgy.vulcanite.chestplate.name=Vulcanite Chestplate
item.metallurgy.vulcanite.leggings.name=Vulcanite Leggings
item.metallurgy.vulcanite.boots.name=Vulcanite Booties

tile.metallurgy.sanguinite.ore.name=Sanguinite Arr
tile.metallurgy.sanguinite.block.name=Sanguinite Blok
tile.metallurgy.sanguinite.brick.name=Sanguinite Brick
item.metallurgy.sanguinite.dust.name=Sanguinite Dust
item.metallurgy.sanguinite.ingot.name=Sanguinite Ingot
item.metallurgy.sanguinite.nugget.name=Sanguinite Nugget
item.metallurgy.sanguinite.axe.name=Sanguinite Arxe
item.metallurgy.sanguinite.hoe.name=Sanguinite Hoe
item.metallurgy.sanguinite.pickaxe.name=Sanguinite Pickaxe
item.metallurgy.sanguinite.shovel.name=Sanguinite Shovel
item.metallurgy.sanguinite.sword.name=Sanguinite Cutlass
item.metallurgy.sanguinite.helmet.name=Sanguinite Helmet
item.metallurgy.sanguinite.chestplate.name=Sanguinite Chestplate
item.metallurgy.sanguinite.leggings.name=Sanguinite Leggings
item.metallurgy.sanguinite.boots.name=Sanguinite Booties

tile.metallurgy.shadow.steel.block.name=Shadow Steel Blok
tile.metallurgy.shadow.steel.brick.name=Shadow Steel Brick
item.metallurgy.shadow.steel.dust.name=Shadow Steel Dust
item.metallurgy.shadow.steel.ingot.name=Shadow Steel Ingot
item.metallurgy.shadow.steel.nugget.name=Shadow Steel Nugget
item.metallurgy.shadow.steel.axe.name=Shadow Steel Arxe
item.metallurgy.shadow.steel.hoe.name=Shadow Steel Hoe
item.metallurgy.shadow.steel.pickaxe.name=Shadow Steel Pickaxe
item.metallurgy.shadow.steel.shovel.name=Shadow Steel Shovel
item.metallurgy.shadow.steel.sword.name=Shadow Steel Cutlass
item.metallurgy.shadow.steel.helmet.name=Shadow Steel Helmet
item.metallurgy.shadow.steel.chestplate.name=Shadow Steel Chestplate
item.metallurgy.shadow.steel.leggings.name=Shadow Steel Leggings
item.metallurgy.shadow.steel.boots.name=Shadow Steel Booties

tile.metallurgy.inolashite.block.name=Inolashite Blok
tile.metallurgy.inolashite.brick.name=Inolashite Brick
item.metallurgy.inolashite.dust.name=Inolashite Dust
item.metallurgy.inolashite.ingot.name=Inolashite Ingot
item.metallurgy.inolashite.nugget.name=Inolashite Nugget
item.metallurgy.inolashite.axe.name=Inolashite Arxe
item.metallurgy.inolashite.hoe.name=Inolashite Hoe
item.metallurgy.inolashite.pickaxe.name=Inolashite Pickaxe
item.metallurgy.inolashite.shovel.name=Inolashite Shovel
item.metallurgy.inolashite.sword.name=Inolashite Cutlass
item.metallurgy.inolashite.helmet.name=Inolashite Helmet
item.metallurgy.inolashite.chestplate.name=Inolashite Chestplate
item.metallurgy.inolashite.leggings.name=Inolashite Leggings
item.metallurgy.inolashite.boots.name=Inolashite Booties

tile.metallurgy.amordrine.block.name=Amordrine Blok
tile.metallurgy.amordrine.brick.name=Amordrine Brick
item.metallurgy.amordrine.dust.name=Amordrine Dust
item.metallurgy.amordrine.ingot.name=Amordrine Ingot
item.metallurgy.amordrine.nugget.name=Amordrine Nugget
item.metallurgy.amordrine.axe.name=Amordrine Arxe
item.metallurgy.amordrine.hoe.name=Amordrine Hoe
item.metallurgy.amordrine.pickaxe.name=Amordrine Pickaxe
item.metallurgy.amordrine.shovel.name=Amordrine Shovel
item.metallurgy.amordrine.sword.name=Amordrine Cutlass
item.metallurgy.amordrine.helmet.name=Amordrine Helmet
item.metallurgy.amordrine.chestplate.name=Amordrine Chestplate
item.metallurgy.amordrine.leggings.name=Amordrine Leggings
item.metallurgy.amordrine.boots.name=Amordrine Booties

tile.metallurgy.zinc.ore.name=Zinc Arr
tile.metallurgy.zinc.block.name=Zinc Blok
tile.metallurgy.zinc.brick.name=Zinc Brick
item.metallurgy.zinc.dust.name=Zinc Dust
item.metallurgy.zinc.ingot.name=Zinc Ingot
item.metallurgy.zinc.nugget.name=Zinc Nugget

tile.metallurgy.silver.ore.name=Silver Arr
tile.metallurgy.silver.block.name=Silver Blok
tile.metallurgy.silver.brick.name=Silver Brick
item.metallurgy.silver.dust.name=Silver Dust
item.metallurgy.silver.ingot.name=Silver Ingot
item.metallurgy.silver.nugget.name=Silver Nugget
item.metallurgy.silver.axe.name=Silver Arxe
item.metallurgy.silver.hoe.name=Silver Hoe
item.metallurgy.silver.pickaxe.name=Silver Pickaxe
item.metallurgy.silver.shovel.name=Silver Shovel
item.metallurgy.silver.sword.name=Silver Cutlass
item.metallurgy.silver.helmet.name=Silver Helmet
item.metallurgy.silver.chestplate.name=Silver Chestplate
item.metallurgy.silver.leggings.name=Silver Leggings
item.metallurgy.silver.boots.name=Silver Booties

tile.metallurgy.platinum.ore.name=Platinum Arr
tile.metallurgy.platinum.block.name=Platinum Blok
tile.metallurgy.platinum.brick.name=Platinum Brick
item.metallurgy.platinum.dust.name=Platinum Dust
item.metallurgy.platinum.ingot.name=Platinum Ingot
item.metallurgy.platinum.nugget.name=Platinum Nugget
item.metallurgy.platinum.axe.name=Platinum Arxe
item.metallurgy.platinum.hoe.name=Platinum Hoe
item.metallurgy.platinum.pickaxe.name=Platinum Pickaxe
item.metallurgy.platinum.shovel.name=Platinum Shovel
item.metallurgy.platinum.sword.name=Platinum Cutlass
item.metallurgy.platinum.helmet.name=Platinum Helmet
item.metallurgy.platinum.chestplate.name=Platinum Chestplate
item.metallurgy.platinum.leggings.name=Platinum Leggings
item.metallurgy.platinum.boots.name=Platinum Booties

tile.metallurgy.brass.block.name=Brass Blok
tile.metallurgy.brass.brick.name=Brass Brick
item.metallurgy.brass.dust.name=Brass Dust
item.metallurgy.brass.ingot.name=Brass Ingot
item.metallurgy.brass.nugget.name=Brass Nugget
item.metallurgy.brass.axe.name=Brass Arxe
item.metallurgy.brass.hoe.name=Brass Hoe
item.metallurgy.brass.pickaxe.name=Brass Pickaxe
item.metallurgy.brass.shovel.name=Brass Shovel
item.metallurgy.brass.sword.name=Brass Cutlass
item.metallurgy.brass.helmet.name=Brass Helmet
item.metallurgy.brass.chestplate.name=Brass Chestplate
item.metallurgy.brass.leggings.name=Brass Leggings
item.metallurgy.brass.boots.name=Brass Booties

tile.metallurgy.electrum.block.name=Electrum Blok
tile.metallurgy.electrum.brick.name=Electrum Brick
item.metallurgy.electrum.dust.name=Electrum Dust
item.metallurgy.electrum.ingot.name=Electrum Ingot
item.metallurgy.electrum.nugget.name=Electrum Nugget
item.metallurgy.electrum.axe.name=Electrum Arxe
item.metallurgy.electrum.hoe.name=Electrum Hoe
item.metallurgy.electrum.pickaxe.name=Electrum Pickaxe
item.metallurgy.electrum.shovel.name=Electrum Shovel
item.metallurgy.electrum.sword.name=Electrum Cutlass
item.metallurgy.electrum.helmet.name=Electrum Helmet
item.metallurgy.electrum.chestplate.name=Electrum Chestplate
item.metallurgy.electrum.leggings.name=Electrum Leggings
item.metallurgy.electrum.boots.name=Electrum Booties

tile.metallurgy.sulfur.ore.name=Sulfur Arr
tile.metallurgy.sulfur.block.name=Sulfur Blok
item.metallurgy.sulfur.name=Sulfur

tile.metallurgy.phosphorite.ore.name=Phosphorite Arr
tile.metallurgy.phosphorite.block.name=Phosphorite Blok
item.metallurgy.phosphorus.name=Phosphorus

tile.metallurgy.saltpeter.ore.name=Saltpeter Arr
tile.metallurgy.saltpeter.block.name=Saltpeter Blok
item.metallurgy.saltpeter.name=Saltpeter

tile.metallurgy.magnesium.ore.name=Magnesium Arr
tile.metallurgy.magnesium.block.name=Magnesium Blok
item.metallurgy.magnesium.name=Magnesium

tile.metallurgy.bitumen.ore.name=Bitumen Arr
tile.metallurgy.bitumen.block.name=Bitumen Blok
item.metallurgy.bitumen.name=Bitumen

tile.metallurgy.potash.ore.name=Potash Arr
tile.metallurgy.potash.block.name=Potash Blok
item.metallurgy.potash.name=Potash

tile.metallurgy.gold.brick.name=Gold Brick
item.metallurgy.gold.dust.name=Gold Dust

tile.metallurgy.iron.brick.name=Iron Brick
item.metallurgy.iron.dust.name=Iron Dust

# Fluids
fluid.angmallen.molten=Molten Angmallen
fluid.bronze.molten=Molten Bronze
fluid.copper.molten=Molten Coppaar
fluid.damascus.steel.molten=Molten Damascus Steel
fluid.hepatizon.molten=Molten Hepatizon
fluid.manganese.molten=Molten Manganese
fluid.silver.molten=Molten Steel
fluid.tin.molten=Molten Tin

fluid.brass.molten=Molten Brass
fluid.electrum.molten=Molten Electrum
fluid.platinum.molten=Molten Platinum
fluid.silver.molten=Molten Silver
fluid.zinc.molten=Molten Zinc

fluid.amordrine.molten=Molten Amordrine
fluid.alduorite.molten=Molten Alduorite
fluid.ceruclase.molten=Molten Ceruclase
fluid.ignatius.molten=Molten Ignatius
fluid.inolashite.molten=Molten Inolashite
fluid.kalendrite.molten=Molten Kalendrite
fluid.lemurite.molten=Molten Lemurite
fluid.midasium.molten=Molten Midasium
fluid.sanguinite.molten=Molten Sanguinite
fluid.shadow.iron.molten=Molten Shadow Iron
fluid.shadow.steel.molten=Molten Shadow Steel
fluid.vulcanite.molten=Molten Vulcanite
fluid.vyroxeres.molten=Molten Vyroxeres

fluid.adamantine.molten=Molten Adamantine
fluid.astral.silver.molten=Molten Astral Silver
fluid.atlarus.molten=Molten Atlarus
fluid.black.steel.molten=Molten Black Steel
fluid.carmot.molten=Molten Carmot
fluid.celenegil.molten=Molten Celenegil
fluid.deep.iron.molten=Molten Deep Iron
fluid.haderoth.molten=Molten Haderoth
fluid.infuscolium.molten=Molten Infuscolium
fluid.mithril.molten=Molten Mithril
fluid.orichalcum.molten=Molten Orichalcum
fluid.oureclase.molten=Molten Oureclase
fluid.prometheum.molten=Molten Prometheum
fluid.quicksilver.molten=Molten Quicksilver
fluid.rubracium.molten=Molten Rubracium
fluid.tartarite.molten=Molten Tartarite

fluid.desichalkos.molten=Molten Desichalkos
fluid.eximite.molten=Molten Eximite
fluid.meutoite.molten=Molten Meutoite

tile.metallurgy.angmallen.molten.name=Molten Angmallen
tile.metallurgy.bronze.molten.name=Molten Bronze
tile.metallurgy.copper.molten.name=Molten Copper
tile.metallurgy.damascus.steel.molten.name=Molten Damascus Steel
tile.metallurgy.hepatizon.molten.name=Molten Hepatizon
tile.metallurgy.manganese.molten.name=Molten Manganese
tile.metallurgy.steel.molten.name=Molten Steel
tile.metallurgy.tin.molten.name=Molten Tin

tile.metallurgy.brass.molten.name=Molten Brass
tile.metallurgy.electrum.molten.name=Molten Electrum
tile.metallurgy.platinum.molten.name=Molten Platinum
tile.metallurgy.silver.molten.name=Molten Silver
tile.metallurgy.zinc.molten.name=Molten Zinc

tile.metallurgy.amordrine.molten.name=Molten Amordrine
tile.metallurgy.alduorite.molten.name=Molten Alduorite
tile.metallurgy.ceruclase.molten.name=Molten Ceruclase
tile.metallurgy.ignatius.molten.name=Molten Ignatius
tile.metallurgy.inolashite.molten.name=Molten Inolashite
tile.metallurgy.kalendrite.molten.name=Molten Kalendrite
tile.metallurgy.lemurite.molten.name=Molten Lemurite
tile.metallurgy.midasium.molten.name=Molten Midasium
tile.metallurgy.sanguinite.molten.name=Molten Sanguinite
tile.metallurgy.shadow.iron.molten.name=Molten Shadow Iron
tile.metallurgy.shadow.steel.molten.name=Molten Shadow Steel
tile.metallurgy.vulcanite.molten.name=Molten Vulcanite
tile.metallurgy.vyroxeres.molten.name=Molten Vyroxeres

tile.metallurgy.adamantine.molten.name=Molten Adamantine
tile.metallurgy.astral.silver.molten.name=Molten Astral Silver
tile.metallurgy.atlarus.molten.name=Molten Atlarus
tile.metallurgy.black.steel.molten.name=Molten Black Steel
tile.metallurgy.carmot.molten.name=Molten Carmot
tile.metallurgy.celenegil.molten.name=Molten Celenegil
tile.metallurgy.deep.iron.molten.name=Molten Deep Iron
tile.metallurgy.haderoth.molten.name=Molten Haderoth
tile.metallurgy.infuscolium.molten.name=Molten Infuscolium
tile.metallurgy.mithril.molten.name=Molten Mithril
tile.metallurgy.orichalcum.molten.name=Molten Orichalcum
tile.metallurgy.oureclase.molten.name=Molten Oureclase
tile.metallurgy.prometheum.molten.name=Molten Prometheum
tile.metallurgy.quicksilver.molten.name=Molten Quicksilver
tile.metallurgy.rubracium.molten.name=Molten Rubracium
tile.metallurgy.tartarite.molten.name=Molten Tartarite

tile.metallurgy.desichalkos.molten.name=Molten Desichalkos
tile.metallurgy.eximite.molten.name=Molten Eximite
tile.metallurgy.meutoite.molten.name=Molten Meutoite

# Buckets
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.angmallen.molten.name=Molten Angmallen Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.bronze.molten.name=Molten Bronze Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.copper.molten.name=Molten Copper Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.damascus.steel.molten.name=Molten Damascus Steel Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.hepatizon.molten.name=Molten Hepatizon Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.manganese.molten.name=Molten Manganese Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.steel.molten.name=Molten Steel Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.tin.molten.name=Molten Tin Bucket

item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.brass.molten.name=Molten Brass Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.electrum.molten.name=Molten Electrum Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.platinum.molten.name=Molten Platinum Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.silver.molten.name=Molten Silver Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.zinc.molten.name=Molten Zinc Bucket

item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.amordrine.molten.name=Molten Amordrine Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.alduorite.molten.name=Molten Alduorite Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.ceruclase.molten.name=Molten Ceruclase Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.ignatius.molten.name=Molten Ignatius Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.inolashite.molten.name=Molten Inolashite Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.kalendrite.molten.name=Molten Kalendrite Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.lemurite.molten.name=Molten Lemurite Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.midasium.molten.name=Molten Midasium Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.sanguinite.molten.name=Molten Sanguinite Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.shadow.iron.molten.name=Molten Shadow Iron Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.shadow.steel.molten.name=Molten Shadow Steel Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.vulcanite.molten.name=Molten Vulcanite Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.vyroxeres.molten.name=Molten Vyroxeres Bucket

item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.adamantine.molten.name=Molten Adamantine Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.astral.silver.molten.name=Molten Astral Silver Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.atlarus.molten.name=Molten Atlarus Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.black.steel.molten.name=Molten Black Steel Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.carmot.molten.name=Molten Carmot Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.celenegil.molten.name=Molten Celenegil Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.deep.iron.molten.name=Molten Deep Iron Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.haderoth.molten.name=Molten Haderoth Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.infuscolium.molten.name=Molten Infuscolium Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.mithril.molten.name=Molten Mithril Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.orichalcum.molten.name=Molten Orichalcum Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.oureclase.molten.name=Molten Oureclase Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.prometheum.molten.name=Molten Prometheum Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.quicksilver.molten.name=Molten Quicksilver Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.rubracium.molten.name=Molten Rubracium Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.tartarite.molten.name=Molten Tartarite Bucket

item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.desichalkos.molten.name=Molten Desichalkos Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.eximite.molten.name=Molten Eximite Bucket
item.metallurgy.bucket.filled.meutoite.molten.name=Molten Meutoite Bucket

#Explosive

entity.Metallurgy.explosiveEntity.name=Primed Kaboom Boom

tile.metallurgy.explosives.he.name=Big Boom
tile.metallurgy.explosives.le.name=Little Boom
tile.metallurgy.explosives.m.name=Diggar's Boom
tile.metallurgy.explosives.de.name=Killar's Boom
tile.metallurgy.explosives.pe.name=Tiny Boom

#Misc Items and blocks
item.metallurgy.fertilizer.name=Fertilizarr
item.metallurgy.tar.name=Tarr

tile.metallurgy.charcoal.block.name=Blok 'o Charrcoal
